Add agent authentication overview to agent reference (#2995)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.2/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/agent.md

The Sensu agent is available for Linux, macOS, and Windows.
See the [installation guide][1] to install the agent.

## Agent authentication

> The Sensu agent authenticates to the Sensu backend via [WebSocket][45] transport by either username and password or mutual transport layer security (mTLS) authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The Sensu agent authenticates to the Sensu backend via [WebSocket][45] transport by either built-in basic (username and password) or mutual transport layer security (mTLS) authentication.
```

### Username and password authentication

> Username and password authentication is the default mechanism for agent authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The default mechanism for agent authentication is [built-in basic authentication][59] with username and password.
```

> The Sensu agent uses username and password authentication unless mTLS authentication is configured for both sensu-agent and sensu-backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sensu agent uses username and password authentication unless mTLS authentication has been explicitly configured.
```

[55]: ../../../commercial/
[56]: #allow-list
[57]: ../../observe-filter/filters#reduce-alert-fatigue-for-keepalive-events

> [58]: ../../../operations/deploy-sensu/secure-sensu/#sensu-agent-mtls-authentication

Author: ```suggestion
[58]: ../../../operations/deploy-sensu/secure-sensu/#sensu-agent-mtls-authentication
[59]: ../../../operations/control-access/#use-built-in-basic-authentication
```
